RSA Chat Client
=====

This is a simple chat server that uses RSA for encrypting the messages between the client and the server written in java.

Three **NetBeans** projects are included.

RSAClient
-------
This is the chat client.


RSAServer
-----
This is the chat server. This is supposed to create a connection and listen on the specified port waiting for an **RSAClient** to connect.


RSAKeyCenter
-----
This is a **KDC** (Key Distribution Center), its task is to create both private and public keys for any chat client or server that connects to it.


How It Works
---------------

The KDC provides a a public and private key for both client and server, here are the steps to use it

* Open the KDC and leave the window open
* Open the chat server, you should get a message saying that it's waiting for connections, if you didn't do step 1 you will get **"Couldn't connect to KDC error!"**. The server will communicate with the KDC to generate a public & private key for itself.
 The KDC server will save the public key along with the ID of the server in a database for future requests from clients 
who want to get the public key of the server (**SQLite** database was used for this purpose)


*  Open the chat client and it should establish a connection with the **KDC** to generate its public & private keys
Then a connection will be established with the chat server, if the KDC or the chat server were not running you will get an error.
 

Notes:
-----
* 1- The server ip, port, key length, server id, client id, KDC port are defined STATICALLY within their correspondeing 
classes, they can be changed.

* 2- Currently, the message length is assumed to be **(LESS THAN)** key length / 8 , to ensure that when the ascii message 
is converted to integer, that integer will be less than the MODULUS n. Otherwise the message will be congruent to a number 
less than n and the message will be lost after applying the modulo operation. The correct way to do this is by making all 
messages of uniform size that's less than the key length but this feature is NOT IMPLEMENTED. Currently, the default key length 
is 1024, therefore a message length should roughly be less than 128 characters otherwise it won't be encrypted/decrypted correctly!



IMPORTANT
-----
This project was made for deonstration purposes **ONLY** which means it can **NOT** be used for secure messaging as the keys generated by the **KDC** are **NOT** encrypted and are sent across the network in plain form! One correct way to do this is to encrypt the keys by a symmetric key encryption algorithm like **DES**, but as said earlier, this was made for demonstration purposes only.


LICENSE
---

**GNU GPL v2.0**